_pages/cv.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: <Your Name> - Curriculum Vitae
permalink: /cv/
---
## Curriculum Vitae

[Download my CV]({{ "/assets/CV.pdf" | relative_url }}) in PDF format.


**Email:** [netID@cornell.edu](mailto:netID@cornell.edu) | | | **Phone:** +123 456 7890

---

#### Objective
Aspiring engineering student with a strong foundation in.... Passionate about ... and eager to apply my knowledge in real-world applications.

---

#### Education
- **Cornell University**  
  *Bachelor of Science in Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering*  
  GPA: 3.8/4.0 | Graduation: Month, Year

- **[High School Name]**  
  *High School Diploma*  
  Graduation: [Month, Year]

---

#### Skills
- **Software:** Autodesk Fusion 360, SolidWorks, ANSYS  
- **Programming:** Python, MATLAB  
- **Tools:** 3D Printing, Laser Cutting  

---

#### Projects
- **[Project Title]**:  
  *[Short Description]*  
  - Key Achievement 1  
  - Key Achievement 2  

- **[Project Title]**:  
  *[Short Description]*  
  - Key Achievement 1  
  - Key Achievement 2  

---

#### Work Experience
- **[Company Name] - Intern**  
  [Month, Year] - [Month, Year]  
  - Responsibility 1  
  - Responsibility 2  

---

#### Achievements & Certifications
- [Certification Name], [Issuing Organization], [Year]  
- [Achievement Name], [Competition/Event], [Year]  

---

#### Extracurricular Activities
- Member of [Club/Organization Name]  
- Volunteer for [Event/Organization Name]  

---

#### References
Available upon request.

---

Commit message:

Update personal information and content across site configuration, CV, portfolio, and index files

_pages/cv.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: <Vicente Xia Tang> - Curriculum Vitae
permalink: /cv/
---
## Curriculum Vitae

[Download my CV]({{ "/assets/CV.pdf" | relative_url }}) in PDF format.


**Email:** [vx27@cornell.edu](mailto:vx27@cornell.edu) | | | **Phone:** +929 394 0349

---

#### Objective
Aspiring engineering student with a strong foundation in organic chemistry and biology. Passionate about drug development and scaling startups. I'm eager to apply my knowledge in real-world applications.

---

#### Education
- **Cornell University**  
  *Bachelor of Science in Biomedical Engineering*  
  GPA: 3.5/4.0 | Graduation: May, 2028

- **[Stuyvesant High School]**  
  *High School Diploma*  
  Graduation: [June, 2024]

---

#### Skills
- **Software:** Autodesk Fusion 360, SolidWorks, ANSYS, CAD
- **Programming:** Python, MATLAB, C#, C++, lua, Java
- **Tools:** 3D Printing, Laser Cutting, Cell Culture, Nanoparticle Development  

---

#### Projects
- **[EcoVentures]**:  
  *Website used to track the effects of a trip using any mode of transportation on the climate and rating it using a custom-made algorithm.*  
  - Implemented an algorithm using several APIs to measure a trip’s “cleanliness score”
  - Designed an integrated searching algorithm to assist users in looking for their location

- **[Protein-Wize]**:  
  *Utilizes Meta AI to visualize any protein structure given its base pairs.*  
  - Utilized Python visualization and Meta APIs to predict protein structures given a 300 amino acid long-chain

---

#### Work Experience
- **[NYU ARISE] - Intern**  
  [June, 2023] - [August, 2023]  
  - Presented my team’s research project at the American Museum of Natural History to thousands of attendees
  - Discovered 100+ genetic mutations vital for crossovers that will be sent for further research inside the NYU Hochwagen Lab 
  - Identified and analyzed a gene mutation that has promising breakthroughs against birth defects

- **[Google] - Intern**  
  [December, 2022] - [June, 2023]  
  - Collaborated with a designated Google web developer to create a travel planning website using MongoDB, Express, React and Node (MERN) fullstack
  - Designed and implemented UI that works across mobile and web using Javascript and CSS

---

#### Achievements & Certifications
- [Certification Name], [Issuing Organization], [Year]  
- [Achievement Name], [Competition/Event], [Year]  

---

#### Extracurricular Activities
- Leader of [Game Development Club]  
- Volunteer for [National Health Association]  

---

#### References
Available upon request.

---
